me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul
to keep if I should die before I wake I
pray the Lord my soul to take
my name is Adam Hellerman but everyone
calls me bug
I live in Riverton Massachusetts a
small-town notable for fishing tourism
and the Riverton River the river was
killed 16 years ago today the very night
that seven of us here were born some say
we share more than just a birthday they
found your hand in the river this
morning he's dead
pray for her Souls box he's coming hello
frog there's been no clue as to who this
killer might be if he was evil enough
somebody thought was dead come back
alive souls live do you think the Ripper
came back to take his revenge what if
his soul went into one of the seven kids
who were born the night he died bug
parasol's bug which one do you know who
your father was take a look in the
mirror bug
you killed people before the blacktop
and it makes not that I can remember
you want to mess with someone mess with
me